pull request instructions update (#521)
mapbox/maki: .github/pull_request_template.md

### Link to demonstration

> <!-- Provide a link to a interactive map that uses the new icon with 11x11 and 15x15 variation. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- Provide a link to an interactive map that uses the new icon. -->
```
